website: Add patch upgrade policy to installation docs (#10677)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/installation/_index.md

See [Configure API Priority and Fairness](/docs/tasks/manage/monitor_pending_workloads/pending_workloads_on_demand/#configure-api-priority-and-fairness) for more details.

### Upgrade policy

> When upgrading to a patch release, follow the upgrade steps for both the target patch release and the corresponding <code>.0</code> minor release. Some upgrade steps may be documented only in the <code>.0</code> release notes, but still apply to later patch releases in the same minor line.

Reviewer: This version automatically generation mechanism looks awesome, thank you!

Reviewer 2: Still, I think this sentence "When upgrading to a patch release, follow the upgrade steps for both the target patch release and the corresponding <code>.0</code> minor release." could be interpreted as: review 0.16.0 and 0.16.6 only, but as we discussed it is better to enumerate all the in-between patches for safety: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/pull/10723#issuecomment-4313756983

So, I'm wondering about:

```
When upgrading Kueue, review the upgrade notes according to the minor release
lines you cross:

- For each new minor release line you upgrade into, review the `.0` release
  notes for that minor version.
- If your target version is a patch release, also review the patch release notes
  in the target minor line, up to and including your target version.

You do not need to review patch release notes from earlier minor lines
separately; those changes are covered by the next minor `.0` release notes.
```

See [Configure API Priority and Fairness](/docs/tasks/manage/monitor_pending_workloads/pending_workloads_on_demand/#configure-api-priority-and-fairness) for more details.

### Upgrade policy

When upgrading Kueue, review the upgrade notes according to the minor release lines you cross:

- For each new minor release line you upgrade into, review the `.0` release notes for that minor version.
- If your target version is a patch release, also review the patch release notes in the target minor line, up to and including your target version.

> You do not need to review patch release notes from earlier minor lines separately; those changes are covered by the next minor `.0` release notes.

Reviewer 3: Could we make it more concise? Because I think this text is very thorough but it's a bit convoluted and it takes a minute to understand what's going. I'd opt for something more plain and simple like (please don't feel oblige to use this exact content, it's just a suggestion, feel free to do with it whatever you want, it was just simpler for me to express what I mean)

```suggestion
### Upgrade policy

When upgrading Kueue, review the following release notes:

- **Minor releases:** The `.0` release notes for each new minor version you cross.
- **Patch releases:** The patch release notes leading up to your target version, but *only* within your target minor release line.

**Note:** You do not need to review patch notes from previous minor versions, as those changes are covered in the next `.0` release notes.
```

Author: Done. much better, thanks!
<img width="1869" height="502" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/362deca6-6b23-4efe-ba16-2764e650aca4" />
